[Music]
stony canyons provide a sanctuary for
animals throughout the Middle East like
Nubian ibex these wild goats can only
survive here because precious water
bubbles to the surface in springs in
summer the females come to drink at
these pools every day the pool is
guarded by a male ibex he has exclusive
access to the females who come here
he tastes the air to see if any of them
are ready to mate but this is such a
prized spot that inevitably he has
competition getting the upper ground
will be key
the male's skulls are specially
reinforced to take a battering they're
evenly matched the battle could last up
to an hour but when a third male joins
in no one seems to know who to fight the
party is soon broken up by a telltale
smell in the air
the IBEX are right to be skittish
Bedouins have always been skilled
hunters
[Music]
you